oh man that is an epic shot he will
never see that ever again okay all right
here we go I'm gonna help them out a
little by nerfing shaz rock oh they're
stacking him wait a minute Wow are they
okay okay they were just taking that
initial blow and I'm gonna pull the
bosses to the side man that was gonna be
amazing Haley so it's looking like
they're now I was kind of trying to
evenly spread them out but they're still
stacking getting on top of SH azra which
is always going to create problems I
don't see where the dps is good ok onda
Janice oh good move good move for sure
yeah that's pretty much once you get
those ads yeah right you're just really
hurt that they kill at least one boss
from this wave Wow they've almost burnt
Gehenna stone make it an actual kill
that's getting close yeah the Holy
Father said three percentage the only
one who sent remaining Anka has again
man really good move now we're starting
to see the right move over to what looks
like maybe magma door not sure what's
gonna go on the SH as red yeah uh yeah
looks like they're getting mad mode are
down now no they make magma dark oh and
zeph goes down man a lot of that Raiders
are starting to take so much damage from
sazerac every single time that they move
in there everything sounds damaged
really hard to keep up yeah Shh Ezra is
demolishing them single-handedly a lot
of damage so Lars about sixty-five
percent I don't know yeah absolutely
should have warned the fire resist here
exam that was yes the innocent perfect
where's everybody's fire protection
potions man that's what I want to know
think of all the hydroxy in warlord
faction they're getting that's I know
boom they could have that gear made no
problem yeah so a lot of people still
alive back with are getting there around
fifty percent of students hello actually
I'm pretty sure to live I think they
really liked the corpse running I think
they'd use my strategies I am a master
strategy might have took that tip that's
a little it's once we tuned for anyways
yeah yeah maven are coming down to
finish dropping like a rock you're doing
really good now man oh wow okay and
we've got fears going to I mean and
again one thing they obviously they
didn't have really any preparation for
this so there's no way to ultimately get
away and it's looking like bags
Massa that's that's 204 Paragons looking
pretty good right now world first
magnetar if you get core hound beds for
that yeah oh and now it's looking like
they're switching over to bear and get
okay so they are saving Shazzer it looks
like for laughs probably a pretty good
move they did realize just how much
damage there sir and anybody in general
starting to pump them up oh man it's
only two day I lowered the hill help on
a little bit just good they also switch
is there any range on DeShazer ax I
can't see if there's no they're keeping
them a healthy distance away from
everyone because of the arcane explosion
this Barry looks still lonely over here
yeah he's just chilling that's what we
want to get getting some one-on-one time
with Shazzer it's been so long since
they've seen each other so no problem
can't really see if we're I haven't
really seen any raid members
specifically running out for bio and
there we can see raid members now
starting to move away okay moving away
for his a we really good move and bear
it goes down all right now this is gonna
be the tough part will Paragon you know
kind of kind of think about this a
little bit and maybe keep their people
out of daily or at this point are they
already let's also get into the deal
going right now yeah it's no prob look
at all that dps just take it out all the
way down to 40 man 50,000 dps glasses
you're looking at P here yeah literally
to literally a quarter everybody vs ya
know and Shazzer all the way down to 20
presents' looking very good for Paragon
getting very close to having the world
first wave one
let's hear it for Paragon taking down
the wave one good job has did anyone
remember to say too soon